README.md, before:

# AFK AutoClicker

Can be used to automatically click in any running application without the window needing to be in focus.

## Usage

Download the file Executable/AutoClicker.exe
The application does not need to be instatlled, simply run AutoClicker.exe to start the auto clicker.

On startup, the application is added to the system tray. To setup the application, left click on the icon in the system tray.

Change the exe path to path of the executable file (.exe) of the application you wish to send input to. E.g. for MineCraft, set exe path to "Minecraft\runtime\jre-x64\bin\javaw.exe" within your MineCraft installation.

Press OK to save the settings. The settings are saved to a file so they only need to be set once.
Use the hotkeys to start and stop the auto clicker.

To close the application, minimise the window to the system tray, then right click the tray icon and press 'Quit'.

## Known Issues
- May experience problems using hotkeys with modifiers
- Hold may in some applications be registered as a click rather than as a hold

Commit message:

Setup window now automatically opens on first time startup (or if settings file is deleted)

README.md, after:

# AFK AutoClicker

Can be used to automatically click in any running application without the window needing to be in focus.

## Usage

Download the file Executable/AutoClicker.exe
The application does not need to be instatlled, simply run AutoClicker.exe to start the auto clicker.

The first time the auto clicker is started, the setup window will open.
After the first time, the app is added to the system tray on startup. To open the setup window, left click on the icon in the system tray.

Change the exe path to path of the executable file (.exe) of the application you wish to send input to. E.g. for MineCraft, set exe path to "Minecraft\runtime\jre-x64\bin\javaw.exe" within your MineCraft installation.

Press OK to save the settings. The settings are saved to a file so they only need to be set once.
Use the hotkeys to start and stop the auto clicker.

To close the application, minimise the window to the system tray, then right click the tray icon and press 'Quit'.

## Known Issues
- May experience problems using hotkeys with modifiers
- Hold may in some applications be registered as a click rather than as a hold
